How dare Long Jingtian starve me
Ye Fanxin, look at this bastard you've suffered
Even your brother dares to fight
Long Jingtian, how dare you hit my husband today?
Do you dare to hit your parents tomorrow?
Sister-in-law, don't exaggerate
Obviously my brother wanted to make an appointment
I don't think I've done anything wrong all day
Ye Hanqing, I am your brother
This is the wind when I was lying in the hospital bed
My daughter, please save me.
Can you think of me as your own sister?
I did it.
What's coming at me?
Okay, you are responsible
Kneel down and apologize
No kneeling
Mom, it was my brother who was going to hit my daughter
Isn't it his fault?
Auntie, I heard the opposite.
I will not kneel
If it weren't for the wind beating my daughter all night
I won't do it either
Damn girl, do you think you've come back from today?
You have a backer, right?
Now you and this outsider are bullying your brother